# DAPLink Toolchain Docker Image

🐳 A Docker image to create repeatable
[DAPLink](https://github.com/ARMmbed/DAPLink) builds.


## Building DAPLink with this image

(Optional) You can first pull the image version you want to use:

```
docker pull ghcr.io/microbit-foundation/daplink:2022.01.1
```

Clone and navigate to the desired branch of the DAPLink project:

```
git clone https://github.com/mbedmicro/DAPLink
```

```
cd DAPLink
```

```
git checkout -b develop origin/develop
```

Build the required DAPLink project, for micro:bit V2.0:

```
docker run -v $(pwd):/home --rm ghcr.io/microbit-foundation/daplink:2022.01.1 python tools/progen_compile.py -t make_gcc_arm kl27z_microbit_if
```

micro:bit V2.2:
```
docker run -v $(pwd):/home --rm ghcr.io/microbit-foundation/daplink:2022.01.1 python tools/progen_compile.py -t make_gcc_arm nrf52820_microbit_if
```

micro:bit V1:
```
docker run -v $(pwd):/home --rm ghcr.io/microbit-foundation/daplink:2022.01.1 python tools/progen_compile.py -t make_gcc_arm kl26z_microbit_if
```


## Building and running this image locally

```
docker build -t "daplink-toolchain" .
```

```
docker run --name daplink-toolchain-container -it --entrypoint /bin/bash daplink-toolchain
```


## DAPLink Python dependencies used

These Docker images contain the DAPLink Python dependencies pre-installed as
specified in the [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) file.

This file is generated by pip installing a DAPLink requirements.txt file and
then pip freezing. This is done because the DAPLink file generally only pins a
few versions and does not include subdependencies.

More info included at the top of the [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) file.


## Versioning

These images use a [CalVer](https://calver.org/) variant: YYYY.MM.MINOR


## License

This project is under the MIT open source license. It was forked from
[carlosperate/docker-microbit-toolchain](https://github.com/carlosperate/docker-microbit-toolchain)
at commit
[2637ab7570fe77c352189249a865b3241b880d67](https://github.com/carlosperate/docker-microbit-toolchain/tree/2637ab7570fe77c352189249a865b3241b880d67).

[SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT](LICENSE)


## Code of Conduct

Trust, partnership, simplicity and passion are our core values we live and
breathe in our daily work life and within our projects. Our open-source
projects are no exception. We have an active community which spans the globe
and we welcome and encourage participation and contributions to our projects
by everyone. We work to foster a positive, open, inclusive and supportive
environment and trust that our community respects the micro:bit code of
conduct. Please see our [code of conduct](https://microbit.org/safeguarding/)
which outlines our expectations for all those that participate in our
community and details on how to report any concerns and what would happen
should breaches occur.
